README.md, before:

# Micro Frontend Example (For learn purpose)

This repo is contain example of implementation of micro frontend (in this example for now only react, but in the future will improve combine with another framework).

## Getting Started

Please follow the instruction below for detail of instruction to use or install this project.

### Prerequites

We need install some library or tools which is used by this project.

- Docker
- NodeJS

### Installations

Under development

For now to run each project u should go inside each project folder then type `npm run start:prod`. Later we will use docker compose.

### Running Test

Under development

- For unit test : just go inside of each project then type 'npm run test'

`in the future we need integration test`

### Built With

- ReactJS (and some tools for react)
- NodeJS (with EJS template) for master (orchestration)
- Jest and Enzyme for testing

## What need to improve from this repo :

- Strugling with best structure. Currently as orchestration we handle in backend but i realize web component already coming in few modern browser as native feature.
- Routing : still figure out the right way (and the best way) to do it
- Improve SSR for react
- Handle cross event (with native customEvent)
- Share state if needed (i know micro frontends is isolated for each service but sometimes we need to share state beetwen fragment (services))
- Improve setting development mode (env config, hot reload, etc)
- Improve testing for integration testing
- Repository will use monorepo or submodule
- Public URL

Commit message:

fix readme and aborted to use redux for now

README.md, after:

# Micro Frontend Example (For learn purpose)

This repo is contain example of implementation of micro frontend (in this example for now only react, but in the future will improve combine with another framework).

## Getting Started

Please follow the instruction below for detail of instruction to use or install this project.

### Prerequites

We need install some library or tools which is used by this project.

- Docker
- NodeJS

### Installations

Under development

For now to run each project u should go inside each project (header, menu, content) folder then type `npm run start:prod` and for master project is `npm run dev`. Later we will use docker compose.

### Running Test

Under development

- For unit test : just go inside of each project then type 'npm run test'

`in the future we need integration test`

### Built With

- ReactJS (and some tools for react)
- NodeJS (with EJS template) for master (orchestration)
- Jest and Enzyme for testing

## What need to improve from this repo :

- Strugling with best structure. Currently as orchestration we handle in backend but i realize web component already coming in few modern browser as native feature.
- Routing : still figure out the right way (and the best way) to do it
- Improve SSR for react
- Share state if needed (i know micro frontends is isolated for each service but sometimes we need to share state beetwen fragment (services))
- Improve setting development mode (env config, hot reload, etc)
- Improve testing for integration testing
- Repository will use monorepo or submodule

# What need to fix :

- Redux in SSR
- Public URL
- Communication beetwen fragment (services) with native customEvent (related to Public URL)
- Styling
- Deploy (my plan to use heroku container)
